How can we pass data around.
When we click on the buttons you are in the users page users component.
We want to at the user page and we want to display the right name.
Let's start in the users template here.
On those buttons I will add a click listener and I will say on load user a method I still need to create
and as an argument I will pass Max.
In this case here and then I will copy that forward a second button and of course pass.
Anna.
Now with that in the component body I can create the onload user method and I know that the name will
be passed here as a string of course.
Now how do I load my user page and pass the data.
We already learned how to load it.
We need to add the constructor and inject something we need to inject the neph controller.
Now you can name it whatever you want to name it.
I'll name it.
Neph control and it has to be of type nav controller which needs to be imported from ionic angler with
this it's injected and it's automatically bound to a property named nav controller since I used these
types of shortcut by placing private in front of it which also gives me a property of this name.
So if dad in onload user I can use the nav controller to push a new page on the stack and the new page
or one push of course is the user page here.
Make sure to also imported.
So this pushes a new page on the stack.
But how do we also well pass on the data.
Simply as the second argument and here we get two options.
We can either simply pass the string.
So name.
Or we could of course all the pass and number whatever type you want or you can pass an object.
And for example say user name name.
So there's nothing wrong with just passing a name.
But if you got more information to pass you probably will need an object.
Or of course also an array.
That's all the possible.
With that I'm pushing this page on the stack.
And I'm also adding some data to this action or two just pushing action so I'm passing some data to
this newly pushed page in the user page.
I now need to retrieve data.
I do this by injecting something here though this time it's not the NAF controller.
It's a average class and I will name the property neth Perens because the class is named Neph parents
and it needs to be imported from ionic angler.
So with this I'm now giving access to this naff parents class or to an instance of this class.
And this allows me to retrieve the data.
Now we could retrieve the data in the on in a lifecycle hook.
So this normal angler to lifecycle look which we import from angler core which requires us to add Angi
on in it here and in there I could say this name equals this Neph parents and then we have two ways
of retrieving the data we can access the data property and this will be exactly the object or data we
pass here.
So right now it would be dead object but if we know did we get an object we can also use to get help
or Befort and passed the name of the property we want to retrieve user name.
So this will now give us the user name string here.
So disvalue with this I'm assigning the value to the this name value.
And just as a note we could have also done this in the constructor itself of course or in some other
hook or place whenever we need to get this.
However make sure to do it before the template gets rendered.
Because remember in the template and outputting it.
So if this were passing and retrieving data let's not save this the process is still running and let's
see it in action to see how this works.
So in Reloaded page can click on users and click on user Max you'll see Max up here and Haja Max here.
If I go back and click on Anna you'll see the same with Anna.
So this is how we can navigate around and also pass on and retrieve some data